README.md, before:

# tclust: General Trimming Approach to Robust Cluster Analysis

Python implementation of the tclust algorithm, compatible with scikit-learn.

### Papers:

SEMINAL PAPER:
Garcia-Escudero, L.A.; Gordaliza, A.; Matran, C. and Mayo-Iscar, A. (2008), "A General Trimming
Approach to Robust Cluster Analysis". Annals of Statistics, Vol.36, 1324-1345.

- HARD ASSIGNMENT: Fritz, H., Garcia-Escudero, L. A., & Mayo-Iscar, A. (2012).
                           "tclust: An r package for a trimming approach to cluster analysis."
                           Journal of Statistical Software, 47(12), 1-26. URL http://www.jstatsoft.org/v47/i12/
- MIXTURE MODEL: Garcia-Escudero, Luis Angel, Alfonso Gordaliza, and Agustin Mayo-Iscar.
                 "A constrained robust proposal for mixture modeling avoiding spurious solutions."
                 Advances in Data Analysis and Classification 8.1 (2014): 27-43.
- FUZZY CLUSTERING: Fritz, H., GarciA-Escudero, L. A., & Mayo-Iscar, A. (2013).
                    "Robust constrained fuzzy clustering."
                    Information Sciences, 245, 38-52.

Commit message:

Added link to Read the docs on README

README.md, after:

# tclust: General Trimming Approach to Robust Cluster Analysis

Python implementation of the tclust algorithm, compatible with scikit-learn.

The documentation for tclust is available on Read the Docs: https://tclust.readthedocs.io

### Papers:

SEMINAL PAPER:
Garcia-Escudero, L.A.; Gordaliza, A.; Matran, C. and Mayo-Iscar, A. (2008), "A General Trimming
Approach to Robust Cluster Analysis". Annals of Statistics, Vol.36, 1324-1345.

- HARD ASSIGNMENT: Fritz, H., Garcia-Escudero, L. A., & Mayo-Iscar, A. (2012).
                           "tclust: An r package for a trimming approach to cluster analysis."
                           Journal of Statistical Software, 47(12), 1-26. URL http://www.jstatsoft.org/v47/i12/
- MIXTURE MODEL: Garcia-Escudero, Luis Angel, Alfonso Gordaliza, and Agustin Mayo-Iscar.
                 "A constrained robust proposal for mixture modeling avoiding spurious solutions."
                 Advances in Data Analysis and Classification 8.1 (2014): 27-43.
- FUZZY CLUSTERING: Fritz, H., GarciA-Escudero, L. A., & Mayo-Iscar, A. (2013).
                    "Robust constrained fuzzy clustering."
                    Information Sciences, 245, 38-52.
